Restructured doc to remove Tiller references (#6847)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/setup/install/helm/index.md

appended to the end of the Helm instructions in the installation steps below.
{{< /tip >}}

{{< tip >}}

> The Helm installation method previously detailed here that used the [Tiller](https://helm.sh/docs/topics/architecture/#components) component has been removed. The preferred install path is to use `istioctl` as documented in [Installing with {{< istioctl >}}](/docs/setup/install/istioctl/). If you still desire to use Helm, you'll need to leverage the `helm template` method detailed below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document used to also describe a Helm installation method that used the [Tiller](https://helm.sh/docs/topics/architecture/#components) component. That installation method is no longer available. Instead, we recommend using `istioctl`, as documented in [Installing with {{< istioctl >}}](/docs/setup/install/istioctl/). If you want to use Helm, then you need to use the `helm template` method described below.
```

...Or something like that. My concerns here are:

* The phrase "The Helm installation method previously detailed here" is slightly hard to parse. But only slightly--if you want to keep that phrase as-is, that's fine with me.

* The words "desire" and "leverage" are fancier words than are needed here--I recommend simplifying the language for ease of reading.

> The Helm installation method previously detailed here that used the [Tiller](https://helm.sh/docs/topics/architecture/#components) component has been removed. The preferred install path is to use `istioctl` as documented in [Installing with {{< istioctl >}}](/docs/setup/install/istioctl/). If you still desire to use Helm, you'll need to leverage the `helm template` method detailed below.

Reviewer: If I'm understanding right, it sounds to me like this paragraph is saying that it's best to go use a different process than the one described on this page. True?

If so, then I would recommend pulling that recommendation out of this tip and putting it in a new paragraph right below the "Installation instructions" heading. People often don't read tips, so I suspect that many people who come to this section won't see the line that says to use istioctl.

Author: Resolved with https://github.com/istio/istio.io/pull/6847/commits/9381d044356a14493fa33949f50f5c90584581e0

## Uninstall

> - The `helm template` command is also used in uninstalling Istio. Uninstall with these commands:

Reviewer: We recommend avoiding passive voice ("is also used"). (https://developers.google.com/style/voice)

And it's unclear in this context what the word "also" refers to.

So I would say something like "You can use the `helm template` command to uninstall Istio."

Author: Resolved with https://github.com/istio/istio.io/pull/6847/commits/9381d044356a14493fa33949f50f5c90584581e0
